File:   Makefile
Author: Lucas Trickett, Harrison Tyson
Date:   17 Oct 2021
Descr:  Outlines Game process and design


Game title: "Hole in the Wall"


Description: "Hole in the Wall" is a game in which the player (represented by a single moveable dot on the screen)
             has to dodge an unending series of walls that travel across the display in random directions.
             Each wall will have a hole within it, the size of this hole varies between 1 and 3 and is positioned
             randomly along the wall.

             There are 3 various gamemodes to choose from; "Push Wall", "Three Lives" or "Hardmode":


                  Three Lives - As the name suggests, the player begins the game with 3 lives. A life is lost
                                each time the player collides with the wall. The game ends after 3 collisions.
                                (note: collision is consisdered a wall moving into the player, the player can still
                                move whilst positioned adjacent to the wall).

                  Hardmode - Very much the same as "Three Lives", except the player only starts with a single life,
                             the game ends after just a single collision

                  Push Wall - Has the most resemblance to the game on which this is based off, the moving walls
                              simply "push" the character as they sweeps across the display. The game ends when the
                              the player is pushed off the screen.

             The player can choose the prefered gamemode at the menu screen in the beginning.
             There is only a single wall on the display at any given moment, for each of the walls cleared the
             player gains a single point.

             As time progresses, the speed of these walls increases (progressively getting more difficult).



How to Play: - Upon running 'make program' you are greeted with the display prompt "Select Gamemode".
               Pressing down either the navswitch or button directs you to a menu displaying various gamemodes
               (as specified above), pressing down the navswitch allows you to scroll from one gamemode to the next. Once
               at a gamemode press the button to select it and initiate the game.
             - Game descriptions are stated above, the player is controlled by the navswitch direction inputs. The game
               continues until player death (once again, specified above)
             - You are then greeted with "Game Over", along with your score.
               To return to the initial game menu (to try another gamemode), press down either the button or navswitch.


